our repair cost breaking your bank does
your gear lack gems and enchants because
you lack the gold to purchase them well
whip out your calculators and open your
checkbooks because I'm about to show you
how to make easy money in world of
warcraft well that you're still trying
to finish the construction of your
garrison or you're saving up for that
shiny well token it's safe to say that
pretty much everyone needs a lot of gold
so it's only fair that we come up with
money making methods that work for
everyone now there are tons of ways to
make gold you can sell your profession
mats crafted items and if you're really
advanced you could play the auction
house but I'm going to give you three
methods that are even easier and they
work for everyone as long as you've
managed to make your way to level 100
method 1 farming cataclysm raids there
are four rates from Cataclysm that you
can do blackwing descent bastion of
twilight firelands and dragon soul and
each have a weekly lockout cataclysm
raids are easily so lobel now and can
net you a lot of money as long as you do
them on 25 man heroic
after looting everything and selling all
the trash in gear you could net an easy
four to five thousand gold each week and
don't forget you could always take the
cloth and any BOE Tran small gear to the
auction house for extra money depending
on what it's going for and since you're
doing these fights on 25 man heroic they
can get tricky at times so don't forget
to
so don't forget to look up strategies
for any fights that are giving you
trouble method to the treasure hunter
trait as of patch 6.1 followers can now
have the treasure hunter trait this
trait doubles the amount of gold earned
for any mission that rewards gold the
trait can be randomly rolled on the
follower or if you have a level 2 tavern
you can recruit a new follower with the
treasure hunter trait I found it's best
to have at least five if not more
followers with the treasure hunter trait
also the more treasure hunters you have
the more you can assign to gold missions
in some instances I've been able to earn
up to a thousand gold from just one
mission to make this method even more
effective upgrade your tavern to level 3
for even more gold missions to make this
method even more more effective have a
level 3 salvage yard in your garrison
this will reward you with crates for
every level 100 mission at you complete
in these crates you'll flying greys and
gear that you can sell for even more
gold this method Nets you a lot of
regular income with the bare minimum
amount of effort method 3 savage blood
the market value for savage blood is
certainly dwindling but it'll still net
you an easy profit depending on its
going right for your server for my
server it goes for anywhere between 250
to 300 gold but with a little bit of
patience selling it in bulk Nets quite
the chunk of change you can spend your
primal spirits to get savage blood from
the vendor in your garrison but an even
more effective way to get it is with a
level 3 barn with a level 3 barn you can
trap the elite beasts out in Grand
you'll fill workers with these trap
beasts and with each work order you'll
have a chance to get savage blood you
can increase your chances by having a
follower with the skinning trait to work
in your barn Goldman the skinner is the
perfect follower for this job because he
starts at level 100 he works for both
Alliance and horde and he always has the
skinning tricked you will need to rescue
him from the Iron Fist Harbor in the
grand fight your way through the east
side entrance and make your way up the
first tower you see at the top you'll
find an orc guarding a cage kill the orc
loot the key off of him and free gold
main from the cage at this point you can
recruit him as a follower
being a lead base might be difficult for
some classes in some gear levels because
they're elite so they hit pretty hard so
if you're having a hard time group up
with other people who are also capturing
beasts if you can't find anyone on your
server check the custom group finder and
group up with people there this can
speed up the process quite a bit since
everyone in the group gets credit for
every beast captured and there you have
it three simple methods that will earn
you lots of gold each method is
extremely effective by itself but even
more effective when combined and since
these methods work for everybody and
they don't require a lot of time and
energy you can double your efforts with
each alt so if you enjoyed this video
let me know by hitting that like button
or even the favorite button and if you
found it informative perhaps you'd like
to inform your friends by sharing it
with them and don't forget to subscribe
if you'd like to see future videos on
this channel thanks for watching have a
wonderful day this is chaos until next
time